README.md, before:

# ~ Personal list of useful linux software ~

What is worth using in the long term on a linux pc...

## Games

- [Dust Racing 2D](http://juzzlin.github.io/DustRacing2D "juzzlin.github.io/DustRacing2D") - Cross-platform 2D racing game (OpenGL).
- [Frogatto](https://frogatto.com "frogatto.com") - Action-adventure game, starring a certain quixotic frog.
- [SuperTuxKart](https://supertuxkart.net "supertuxkart.net") - 3D arcade racer with a variety characters, tracks, and modes to play.
- [Tales of Maj'Eyal](https://te4.org "te4.org") - Roguelike RPG fantasy game featuring turn-based combat and character building.
- [Tanks of Freedom](http://tof.p1x.in "tof.p1x.in") - Indie Turn Based Strategy in Isometric Pixel Art.
- **Emulators, GUI front-ends**
  - C64
    - [jGameBase](https://jgamebase.sourceforge.io "jgamebase.sourceforge.io") - Retro-gaming emu­lator front­end and game data­base utility (for C64 and other emulators).
    - [VICE](http://vice-emu.sourceforge.net "vice-emu.sourceforge.net") - Cross-platform emulator for old 8-bit computers: C64, C64DTV, C128, VIC20.
    - Websites with C64 games
      - [c64.com](http://www.c64.com "www.c64.com")
      - [gamebase64.com](http://www.gamebase64.com "www.gamebase64.com")
      - [edicola 8-bit by Sovox](http://specialprogramsipe.altervista.org/default.php "specialprogramsipe.altervista.org/default.php")
      - [edicolac64.com](http://www.edicolac64.com/public/index.php "www.edicolac64.com/public/index.php")
  - DosBox
    - [DBGL](http://members.quicknet.nl/blankendaalr/dbgl "DOSBox Game Launcher") - Multi-platform frontend for DOSBox.
    - [DOSBox](http://www.dosbox.com "www.dosbox.com") - DOS-emulator that uses the SDL-library.
  - M.A.M.E.
    - [QMC2](http://qmc2.batcom-it.net "qmc2.batcom-it.net") - Qt based multi-platform GUI front end for MAME and SDLMAME.
    - [SDLMAME](http://sdlmame.wallyweek.org "sdlmame.wallyweek.org") - Port of the popular [MAME™](http://mamedev.org "Multiple Arcade Machine Emulator™") emulator to the SDL library.

## Graphics

- 2D
  - [Alchemy](http://al.chemy.org "al.chemy.org") - Explore and experiment with alternative ways of drawing.
  - [Aseprite](https://www.aseprite.org "www.aseprite.org") - Animated sprite editor & pixel art tool.
  - [Evolvotron](http://www.bottlenose.net/share/evolvotron "www.bottlenose.net/share/evolvotron") - An interactive "generative art" application for Linux.
  - [Gimp](http://www.gimp.org "www.gimp.org") - GNU Image Manipulation Program.
  - [Gravit Designer](https://www.designer.io "www.designer.io") - A cross-platform design tool.
  - [Krita](https://krita.org "krita.org") - A professional FREE and open source painting program.
  - [Inkscape](https://inkscape.org "inkscape.org") - Open-source vector graphics editor.
- 3D
  - [Blender](https://www.blender.org "www.blender.org") - 3D creation suite.
  - [FreeCAD](https://freecadweb.org "freecadweb.org") - A parametric 3D modeler made primarily to design real-life objects of any size.
- Color tools
  - [Gcolor2](http://gcolor2.sourceforge.net "color2.sourceforge.net") - GTK+2 color selector.
  - [Gpick](http://www.gpick.org "www.gpick.org") - Advanced color picker and palette editing tool.

## Internet

- [Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org "www.mozilla.org") - Web browser developed by Mozilla Foundation.
  Plugins:
  - [Feedbro](https://addons.mozilla.org/it/firefox/addon/feedbroreader "https://addons.mozilla.org/it/firefox/addon/feedbroreader") - Tree-based RSS feed navigation with folders and drag & drop support.
  - [Video DownloadHelper](https://addons.mozilla.org/it/firefox/addon/video-downloadhelper "https://addons.mozilla.org/it/firefox/addon/video-downloadhelper") - Download and convert Web videos from hundreds of YouTube-like sites.
- [qBittorrent](https://www.qbittorrent.org "www.qbittorrent.org") - Bittorrent client programmed in C++ / Qt that uses libtorrent and useful plugins.

## Multimedia

- Audio
  - [Audacity](http://www.audacityteam.org "Audacity") - Audio software for multi-track recording and editing.
  - [Clementine](https://www.clementine-player.org "Clementine") - Modern music player and library organizer.
  - [Flacon](http://flacon.github.io "Flacon") - Extracts individual tracks from one big audio file (entire album).
  - [LMMS](https://lmms.io "Linux Multi-Media Studio") - Produce music with your computer.
  - [Lollypop](https://wiki.gnome.org/Apps/Lollypop "Lollypop") - Modern muisc player and library organizer.
  - [MusicBrainz Picard](https://picard.musicbrainz.org "MusicBrainz Picard") - Music tagger that recovers music info from internet.
  - [PulseEffects](https://github.com/wwmm/pulseeffects "https://github.com/wwmm/pulseeffects") - Audio effects for Pulseaudio applications (equalizer, autogain and a lot of other effects).
- Video
  - [Kdenlive](https://kdenlive.org "Kdenlive") - KDE Non-Linear Video Editor.
  - [MPV](https://mpv.io "MPV") - Cross-platform media player with GPU video decoding.
  - [OBS Studio](https://obsproject.com "OBS Studio") - Video recording and live streaming.
  - [VLC media player](https://www.videolan.org/vlc/index.html "VLC media player") - Multimedia player and framework that plays most multimedia files.

## Office

- [LibreOffice](https://www.libreoffice.org "LibreOffice") - A powerful office suite.
- [Master PDF Editor](https://code-industry.net/masterpdfeditor/ "Master PDF Editor") - Multifunctional PDF Editor.
- [Scribus](https://www.scribus.net "Scribus") - Page layout and desktop publishing for Linux.

## School and Science

- Astronomy
  - [Celestia](https://celestia.space "celestia.space") - Real-time 3D visualization of space.
  - [Stellarium](http://stellarium.org "stellarium.org") - Solve equations, graph functions, create constructions, analyze data, explore 3D math!
- Math
  - [GeoGebra](https://www.geogebra.org "geogebra.org") - Solve equations, graph functions, create constructions, analyze data, explore 3D math!
  - [Qalculate!](http://qalculate.github.io "qalculate.github.io") - The ultimate desktop calculator.

## Software development

- **[Eclipse](https://www.eclipse.org "Eclipse")** - Cross-plattform and cross-language IDE with powerful tools.
  - [DevStyle](https://www.genuitec.com/products/devstyle "DevStyle") - Modernizing tools for Eclipse (theming, breadcrumb navigation, etc).
  - [EGit](https://marketplace.eclipse.org/content/egit-git-integration-eclipse "EGit") - Git integration for Eclipse.
  - [PyDev](http://www.pydev.org "PyDev") - Python IDE for Eclipse.
  - [Subclipse](https://marketplace.eclipse.org/content/subclipse "Subclipse") - Support for Subversion within the Eclipse IDE.
  - [STS](https://marketplace.eclipse.org/content/spring-tools-aka-spring-ide-and-spring-tool-suite "Spring Tool Suite") - Environment for building Spring-powered enterprise applications.
  - [WTP](https://marketplace.eclipse.org/content/eclipse-web-developer-tools-0 "Web Tools Platform") - Web Developer Tools. Includes HTML, CSS, JSON, JavaScript, XML.
- [Editor.md](https://pandao.github.io/editor.md/en.html "pandao.github.io/editor.md/en.html") - Online Markdown editor.
- [JSON Editor Online](https://jsoneditoronline.org "jsoneditoronline.org") - Online editor to view, edit, and format JSON.
- [OpenProject](https://www.openproject.org "OpenProject") - Open source project management software. Powerful, easy-to-use, free.
- **[Python](https://www.python.org "https://www.python.org")** packages:
  - [numpydoc](https://pypi.org/project/numpydoc/ "https://pypi.org/project/numpydoc/") - Sphinx extension to support docstrings in Numpy format.
  - [pylint](https://www.pylint.org/ "https://www.pylint.org") - A tool that checks for errors in Python code, tries to enforce a coding standard and looks for code smells.
  - [rope](https://pypi.org/project/rope/ "https://pypi.org/project/rope/") - A python refactoring library.
  - [autopep8](https://pypi.org/project/autopep8/ "https://pypi.org/project/autopep8/") - A tool that automatically formats Python code to conform to the PEP 8 style guide.
  - [yapf](https://github.com/google/yapf "https://github.com/google/yapf") - A formatter for Python files (preferred formattig style: google or pep8).
- **[Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com "Visual Studio Code")** - A lightweight but powerful source code editor.
  - [Bracket Pair Colorizer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=CoenraadS.bracket-pair-colorizer "https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=CoenraadS.bracket-pair-colorizer") - An extension for colorizing matching brackets and code blocks.
  - [Code Outline](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=patrys.vscode-code-outline "https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=patrys.vscode-code-outline") - A code outline tree provider for VSCode.
  - [GitLens — Git supercharged](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=eamodio.gitlens "https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=eamodio.gitlens") - Supercharge the Git capabilities built into Visual Studio Code.
  - [ESLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint "https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint") - Integrates ESLint (pluggable linting utility for JavaScript and JSX) into VS Code.
  - [Insert Numbers](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Asuka.insertnumbers "https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Asuka.insertnumbers") - Insert increasing numbers.
  - [Markdown Preview Enhanced](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=shd101wyy.markdown-preview-enhanced "https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=shd101wyy.markdown-preview-enhanced") - Markdown Preview Enhanced ported to vscode.
  - [One Dark Pro](https://binaryify.github.io/OneDark-Pro/#/ "https://binaryify.github.io/OneDark-Pro/#/") - Atom's iconic One Dark theme for Visual Studio Code.
  - [Partial Diff](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ryu1kn.partial-diff "https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ryu1kn.partial-diff") - Compare (diff) text selections within a file, across files, or to the clipboard.
  - [Prettier](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode "https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode") - VS Code package to format your JavaScript / TypeScript / CSS using Prettier.
  - [Python Extension Pack](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=donjayamanne.python-extension-pack "https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=donjayamanne.python-extension-pack") - Popular Visual Studio Code extensions for Python.

## Server

- [Apache HTTP Server](https://httpd.apache.org "httpd.apache.org") - HTTP (Web) server.
- [Discourse](https://www.discourse.org "discourse.org") - Modern discussion platform: forum, long-form chat room, mailing list and more!
- [Jitsi](https://jitsi.org "jitsi.org") - Build and deploy secure videoconferencing solutions.
- [Nextcloud](https://nextcloud.com "nextcloud.com") - Suite of client-server software for creating and using file hosting services.
- [Wiki.js](https://wiki.js.org "wiki.js.org") - An open source, modern and powerful wiki app built on Node.js, Git and Markdown.

## System

- Antivirus
  - [ClamAV](https://www.clamav.net "ClamAV") - Antivirus engine for detecting trojans, viruses, malware & other malicious threats.
  - [Rootkit Hunter](http://rkhunter.sourceforge.net "Rootkit Hunter") - Checks computers running UNIX (clones) for the presence of rootkits and other unwanted tools.
- Arch Linux related
  - [yay](https://github.com/Jguer/yay "https://github.com/Jguer/yay") - An AUR Helper written in Go.
- Backup
  - [luckyBackup](http://luckybackup.sourceforge.net "luckyBackup") - App to backup and/or synchronize any directories with the power of rsync.
- Command line
  - [OpenSSH](https://www.openssh.com "OpenSSH") - The premier connectivity tool for remote login with the SSH protocol (ssh, sftp).
  - [screenfetch](https://github.com/KittyKatt/screenFetch "screenfetch") - Fetches system/theme information in terminal for Linux desktop screenshots.
  - [youtube-dl](https://rg3.github.io/youtube-dl "youtube-dl") - A command-line program to download videos from YouTube.com and a few more sites.
- Customizations
  - Fonts
    - [Droid Sans Mono](https://www.fontsquirrel.com/fonts/droid-sans-mono "https://www.fontsquirrel.com/fonts/droid-sans-mono") - Droid is a font family created by Ascender Corporation for use by the Open Handset Alliance platform, Android.
    - [Fantasque Sans Mono](https://fontlibrary.org/en/font/fantasque-sans-mono "https://fontlibrary.org/en/font/fantasque-sans-mono") - Programming font, designed with functionality in mind.
    - [Hack](https://sourcefoundry.org/hack "Hack") - A typeface designed for source code.
    - [Hermit](https://pcaro.es/p/hermit "Hermit") - Monospace font designed to be clear, pragmatic and very readable. For programming.
    - [Source Code Pro](https://github.com/adobe-fonts/source-code-pro "Source Code Pro") - Monospaced font family for user interface and coding environments.
  - Themes
    - [Adapta-gtk-theme](https://github.com/adapta-project/adapta-gtk-theme "Adapta-gtk-theme") - GTK Theme based on Material Design Guidelines.
    - [Arc theme](https://github.com/horst3180/arc-theme "Arc theme") - A clean, readable theme supporting desktop environments like GNOME, XFCE, MATE, etc. There's also a variant with greenish colors (Arc Maia) made by Manjaro Linux team.
    - [Papirus icon theme](https://github.com/PapirusDevelopmentTeam/papirus-icon-theme "Papirus icon theme") - SVG icon theme for Linux, based on Paper Icon Set, with more stuff.
- [QDirStat](https://github.com/shundhammer/qdirstat "QDirStat") - Graphical application to show where your disk space has gone and to help you to clean it up.
- [Wine](https://www.winehq.org "Wine") - A compatibility layer capable of running Windows applications on POSIX-compliant operating systems.
- [Winetricks](https://github.com/Winetricks/winetricks "Winetricks") - An easy tool to work around problems in Wine.

Commit message:

updated Fonts section with exciting stuff :)

README.md, after:

# ~ Personal list of useful linux software ~

What is worth using in the long term on a linux pc...

## Games

- [Dust Racing 2D](http://juzzlin.github.io/DustRacing2D "juzzlin.github.io/DustRacing2D") - Cross-platform 2D racing game (OpenGL).
- [Frogatto](https://frogatto.com "frogatto.com") - Action-adventure game, starring a certain quixotic frog.
- [SuperTuxKart](https://supertuxkart.net "supertuxkart.net") - 3D arcade racer with a variety characters, tracks, and modes to play.
- [Tales of Maj'Eyal](https://te4.org "te4.org") - Roguelike RPG fantasy game featuring turn-based combat and character building.
- [Tanks of Freedom](http://tof.p1x.in "tof.p1x.in") - Indie Turn Based Strategy in Isometric Pixel Art.
- **Emulators, GUI front-ends**
  - C64
    - [jGameBase](https://jgamebase.sourceforge.io "jgamebase.sourceforge.io") - Retro-gaming emu­lator front­end and game data­base utility (for C64 and other emulators).
    - [VICE](http://vice-emu.sourceforge.net "vice-emu.sourceforge.net") - Cross-platform emulator for old 8-bit computers: C64, C64DTV, C128, VIC20.
    - Websites with C64 games
      - [c64.com](http://www.c64.com "www.c64.com")
      - [gamebase64.com](http://www.gamebase64.com "www.gamebase64.com")
      - [edicola 8-bit by Sovox](http://specialprogramsipe.altervista.org/default.php "specialprogramsipe.altervista.org/default.php")
      - [edicolac64.com](http://www.edicolac64.com/public/index.php "www.edicolac64.com/public/index.php")
  - DosBox
    - [DBGL](http://members.quicknet.nl/blankendaalr/dbgl "DOSBox Game Launcher") - Multi-platform frontend for DOSBox.
    - [DOSBox](http://www.dosbox.com "www.dosbox.com") - DOS-emulator that uses the SDL-library.
  - M.A.M.E.
    - [QMC2](http://qmc2.batcom-it.net "qmc2.batcom-it.net") - Qt based multi-platform GUI front end for MAME and SDLMAME.
    - [SDLMAME](http://sdlmame.wallyweek.org "sdlmame.wallyweek.org") - Port of the popular [MAME™](http://mamedev.org "Multiple Arcade Machine Emulator™") emulator to the SDL library.

## Graphics

- 2D
  - [Alchemy](http://al.chemy.org "al.chemy.org") - Explore and experiment with alternative ways of drawing.
  - [Aseprite](https://www.aseprite.org "www.aseprite.org") - Animated sprite editor & pixel art tool.
  - [Evolvotron](http://www.bottlenose.net/share/evolvotron "www.bottlenose.net/share/evolvotron") - An interactive "generative art" application for Linux.
  - [Gimp](http://www.gimp.org "www.gimp.org") - GNU Image Manipulation Program.
  - [Gravit Designer](https://www.designer.io "www.designer.io") - A cross-platform design tool.
  - [Krita](https://krita.org "krita.org") - A professional FREE and open source painting program.
  - [Inkscape](https://inkscape.org "inkscape.org") - Open-source vector graphics editor.
- 3D
  - [Blender](https://www.blender.org "www.blender.org") - 3D creation suite.
  - [FreeCAD](https://freecadweb.org "freecadweb.org") - A parametric 3D modeler made primarily to design real-life objects of any size.
- Color tools
  - [Gcolor2](http://gcolor2.sourceforge.net "color2.sourceforge.net") - GTK+2 color selector.
  - [Gpick](http://www.gpick.org "www.gpick.org") - Advanced color picker and palette editing tool.

## Internet

- [Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org "www.mozilla.org") - Web browser developed by Mozilla Foundation.
  Plugins:
  - [Feedbro](https://addons.mozilla.org/it/firefox/addon/feedbroreader "https://addons.mozilla.org/it/firefox/addon/feedbroreader") - Tree-based RSS feed navigation with folders and drag & drop support.
  - [Video DownloadHelper](https://addons.mozilla.org/it/firefox/addon/video-downloadhelper "https://addons.mozilla.org/it/firefox/addon/video-downloadhelper") - Download and convert Web videos from hundreds of YouTube-like sites.
- [qBittorrent](https://www.qbittorrent.org "www.qbittorrent.org") - Bittorrent client programmed in C++ / Qt that uses libtorrent and useful plugins.

## Multimedia

- Audio
  - [Audacity](http://www.audacityteam.org "Audacity") - Audio software for multi-track recording and editing.
  - [Clementine](https://www.clementine-player.org "Clementine") - Modern music player and library organizer.
  - [Flacon](http://flacon.github.io "Flacon") - Extracts individual tracks from one big audio file (entire album).
  - [LMMS](https://lmms.io "Linux Multi-Media Studio") - Produce music with your computer.
  - [Lollypop](https://wiki.gnome.org/Apps/Lollypop "Lollypop") - Modern muisc player and library organizer.
  - [MusicBrainz Picard](https://picard.musicbrainz.org "MusicBrainz Picard") - Music tagger that recovers music info from internet.
  - [PulseEffects](https://github.com/wwmm/pulseeffects "https://github.com/wwmm/pulseeffects") - Audio effects for Pulseaudio applications (equalizer, autogain and a lot of other effects).
- Video
  - [Kdenlive](https://kdenlive.org "Kdenlive") - KDE Non-Linear Video Editor.
  - [MPV](https://mpv.io "MPV") - Cross-platform media player with GPU video decoding.
  - [OBS Studio](https://obsproject.com "OBS Studio") - Video recording and live streaming.
  - [VLC media player](https://www.videolan.org/vlc/index.html "VLC media player") - Multimedia player and framework that plays most multimedia files.

## Office

- [LibreOffice](https://www.libreoffice.org "LibreOffice") - A powerful office suite.
- [Master PDF Editor](https://code-industry.net/masterpdfeditor/ "Master PDF Editor") - Multifunctional PDF Editor.
- [Scribus](https://www.scribus.net "Scribus") - Page layout and desktop publishing for Linux.

## School and Science

- Astronomy
  - [Celestia](https://celestia.space "celestia.space") - Real-time 3D visualization of space.
  - [Stellarium](http://stellarium.org "stellarium.org") - Solve equations, graph functions, create constructions, analyze data, explore 3D math!
- Math
  - [GeoGebra](https://www.geogebra.org "geogebra.org") - Solve equations, graph functions, create constructions, analyze data, explore 3D math!
  - [Qalculate!](http://qalculate.github.io "qalculate.github.io") - The ultimate desktop calculator.

## Software development

- **[Eclipse](https://www.eclipse.org "Eclipse")** - Cross-plattform and cross-language IDE with powerful tools.
  - [DevStyle](https://www.genuitec.com/products/devstyle "DevStyle") - Modernizing tools for Eclipse (theming, breadcrumb navigation, etc).
  - [EGit](https://marketplace.eclipse.org/content/egit-git-integration-eclipse "EGit") - Git integration for Eclipse.
  - [PyDev](http://www.pydev.org "PyDev") - Python IDE for Eclipse.
  - [Subclipse](https://marketplace.eclipse.org/content/subclipse "Subclipse") - Support for Subversion within the Eclipse IDE.
  - [STS](https://marketplace.eclipse.org/content/spring-tools-aka-spring-ide-and-spring-tool-suite "Spring Tool Suite") - Environment for building Spring-powered enterprise applications.
  - [WTP](https://marketplace.eclipse.org/content/eclipse-web-developer-tools-0 "Web Tools Platform") - Web Developer Tools. Includes HTML, CSS, JSON, JavaScript, XML.
- [Editor.md](https://pandao.github.io/editor.md/en.html "pandao.github.io/editor.md/en.html") - Online Markdown editor.
- [JSON Editor Online](https://jsoneditoronline.org "jsoneditoronline.org") - Online editor to view, edit, and format JSON.
- [OpenProject](https://www.openproject.org "OpenProject") - Open source project management software. Powerful, easy-to-use, free.
- **[Python](https://www.python.org "https://www.python.org")** packages:
  - [numpydoc](https://pypi.org/project/numpydoc/ "https://pypi.org/project/numpydoc/") - Sphinx extension to support docstrings in Numpy format.
  - [pylint](https://www.pylint.org/ "https://www.pylint.org") - A tool that checks for errors in Python code, tries to enforce a coding standard and looks for code smells.
  - [rope](https://pypi.org/project/rope/ "https://pypi.org/project/rope/") - A python refactoring library.
  - [autopep8](https://pypi.org/project/autopep8/ "https://pypi.org/project/autopep8/") - A tool that automatically formats Python code to conform to the PEP 8 style guide.
  - [yapf](https://github.com/google/yapf "https://github.com/google/yapf") - A formatter for Python files (preferred formattig style: google or pep8).
- **[Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com "Visual Studio Code")** - A lightweight but powerful source code editor.
  - [Bracket Pair Colorizer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=CoenraadS.bracket-pair-colorizer "https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=CoenraadS.bracket-pair-colorizer") - An extension for colorizing matching brackets and code blocks.
  - [Code Outline](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=patrys.vscode-code-outline "https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=patrys.vscode-code-outline") - A code outline tree provider for VSCode.
  - [GitLens — Git supercharged](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=eamodio.gitlens "https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=eamodio.gitlens") - Supercharge the Git capabilities built into Visual Studio Code.
  - [ESLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint "https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint") - Integrates ESLint (pluggable linting utility for JavaScript and JSX) into VS Code.
  - [Insert Numbers](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Asuka.insertnumbers "https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Asuka.insertnumbers") - Insert increasing numbers.
  - [Markdown Preview Enhanced](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=shd101wyy.markdown-preview-enhanced "https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=shd101wyy.markdown-preview-enhanced") - Markdown Preview Enhanced ported to vscode.
  - [One Dark Pro](https://binaryify.github.io/OneDark-Pro/#/ "https://binaryify.github.io/OneDark-Pro/#/") - Atom's iconic One Dark theme for Visual Studio Code.
  - [Partial Diff](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ryu1kn.partial-diff "https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ryu1kn.partial-diff") - Compare (diff) text selections within a file, across files, or to the clipboard.
  - [Prettier](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode "https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode") - VS Code package to format your JavaScript / TypeScript / CSS using Prettier.
  - [Python Extension Pack](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=donjayamanne.python-extension-pack "https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=donjayamanne.python-extension-pack") - Popular Visual Studio Code extensions for Python.

## Server

- [Apache HTTP Server](https://httpd.apache.org "httpd.apache.org") - HTTP (Web) server.
- [Discourse](https://www.discourse.org "discourse.org") - Modern discussion platform: forum, long-form chat room, mailing list and more!
- [Jitsi](https://jitsi.org "jitsi.org") - Build and deploy secure videoconferencing solutions.
- [Nextcloud](https://nextcloud.com "nextcloud.com") - Suite of client-server software for creating and using file hosting services.
- [Wiki.js](https://wiki.js.org "wiki.js.org") - An open source, modern and powerful wiki app built on Node.js, Git and Markdown.

## System

- Antivirus
  - [ClamAV](https://www.clamav.net "ClamAV") - Antivirus engine for detecting trojans, viruses, malware & other malicious threats.
  - [Rootkit Hunter](http://rkhunter.sourceforge.net "Rootkit Hunter") - Checks computers running UNIX (clones) for the presence of rootkits and other unwanted tools.
- Arch Linux related
  - [yay](https://github.com/Jguer/yay "https://github.com/Jguer/yay") - An AUR Helper written in Go.
- Backup
  - [luckyBackup](http://luckybackup.sourceforge.net "luckyBackup") - App to backup and/or synchronize any directories with the power of rsync.
- Command line
  - [OpenSSH](https://www.openssh.com "OpenSSH") - The premier connectivity tool for remote login with the SSH protocol (ssh, sftp).
  - [screenfetch](https://github.com/KittyKatt/screenFetch "screenfetch") - Fetches system/theme information in terminal for Linux desktop screenshots.
  - [youtube-dl](https://rg3.github.io/youtube-dl "youtube-dl") - A command-line program to download videos from YouTube.com and a few more sites.
- Customizations
  - Fonts
    - [FontManager](https://github.com/FontManager/master "github.com/FontManager/master") - A simple font management application for GTK+ Desktop Environments.
    - [nerd-fonts](https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts "github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts") - A set of fonts for programmers and nerds (in Arch linux there is the package nerd-fonts).
    - [Droid Sans Mono](https://www.fontsquirrel.com/fonts/droid-sans-mono "www.fontsquirrel.com/fonts/droid-sans-mono") - Droid is a font family created by Ascender Corporation for use by the Open Handset Alliance platform, Android.
    - [Fantasque Sans Mono](https://fontlibrary.org/en/font/fantasque-sans-mono "fontlibrary.org/en/font/fantasque-sans-mono") - Programming font, designed with functionality in mind.
    - [Hack](https://sourcefoundry.org/hack "sourcefoundry.org/hack") - A typeface designed for source code.
    - [Hermit](https://pcaro.es/p/hermit "pcaro.es/p/hermit") - Monospace font designed to be clear, pragmatic and very readable. For programming.
    - [Source Code Pro](https://github.com/adobe-fonts/source-code-pro "github.com/adobe-fonts/source-code-pro") - Monospaced font family for user interface and coding environments.
  - Themes
    - [Adapta-gtk-theme](https://github.com/adapta-project/adapta-gtk-theme "github.com/adapta-project/adapta-gtk-theme") - GTK Theme based on Material Design Guidelines.
    - [Arc theme](https://github.com/horst3180/arc-theme "github.com/horst3180/arc-theme") - A clean, readable theme supporting desktop environments like GNOME, XFCE, MATE, etc. There's also a variant with greenish colors (Arc Maia) made by Manjaro Linux team.
    - [Papirus icon theme](https://github.com/PapirusDevelopmentTeam/papirus-icon-theme "github.com/PapirusDevelopmentTeam/papirus-icon-theme") - SVG icon theme for Linux, based on Paper Icon Set, with more stuff.
- [QDirStat](https://github.com/shundhammer/qdirstat "github.com/shundhammer/qdirstat") - Graphical application to show where your disk space has gone and to help you to clean it up.
- [Wine](https://www.winehq.org "winehq.org") - A compatibility layer capable of running Windows applications on POSIX-compliant operating systems.
- [Winetricks](https://github.com/Winetricks/winetricks "github.com/Winetricks/winetricks") - An easy tool to work around problems in Wine.
